The disappearing railroads                                                            ​
The disappearing railroads,                                                           ​
The disappearing railroads, the train that was supposed to turn.​
Empty music that can't be heard.​
Even the letters begin to dance in the station;​
Today, from there, a person came out.​
Like this,                                    ​
Like this, being noisy like a fool,​
pretending to understand,                          ​
pretending to understand, and do nothing.​
Since that day, I've stopped moving​
Today too, I'm in this place.​
No                         ​
No one                  ​
No one wi              ​
No one will            ​
No one will se        ​
No one will see      ​
No one will see m  ​
No one will see me​
No                                  ​
No one                           ​
No one cou                    ​
No one could                 ​
No one could cha          ​
No one could chase      ​
No one could chase me​
Step​
over​
the​
rails​
So                                          ​
So as                                    ​
So as to                                ​
So as to re                            ​
So as to remain                     ​
So as to remain out               ​
So as to remain out of           ​
So as to remain out of si         ​
So as to  remain out of sight,​
I cast                                 ​
I cast my                            ​
I cast my gaze                   ​
I cast my gaze down         ​
So as to  remain out of sight​​,​
I cast my gaze downwards​​.​
Today too, shall rain. ​
January 8, 2004 11:00pm​
It's funny. The train just won't stop. ​
It's finally stopped.​
Just what kind of place is this?​
I wan͝t͝ to ̡g̀e͟t out̡ o͘f h̡e̢re.̵​
I don’t know of sùch̶ ̛a͜ ̶t͏r͠ain͢ station.​
N̨͝o͡͏̸͞ ̴̶͢͢o̕͜͠n͏̢͝e̛͢͞ ̀̀́́i̧͏͡͞s̢͟͟ ̴͡a̶̡͜ţ̷̵̛̕ ̴̨͢͜͝t̢̀͜͢͝h̵̷̨̀͢á̵͟t̶ ҉̸p̴̢̀̕͜l̸͜a̷̧͠c̵̢̢ę̶​
T͔̄h̙̼͌͞a̡͑t̛̼͕̾ ͔̝̽̚ď̦i̘͕͒͘s̩͕̍͡ṱ̪̀͡an̙͋t͚͕̍̾ ̯̊s̙̐ǒ͉ū͔n̪̉͑͢d​
ś̫̪̙͆̋ą̟̅̅w ̩̅ǎ̢ń̹̙͕̍̈ ̥̘̫̋́͂ó̯͉͝ne̥̦̅͋-͚̱̮́̽̔l̫̬̲̎͑̄e̦̚g̝̓g͎̮̓̂͊͟e̚͜d̰͛ ̧̃ỏ̫̗̂l̼͘d̯̪̓̑ ̢̘͆̽m̤̝̾̕a͍̅n͖̪͐͛,̪͇͈͋͒̾ ̰̈́b͚̂ū̮̻͑t ̱̄hḛ̱̫͌̔̕ ͓̘̯̇̍͌v̻̎̊͜a͚̩̽͆n͓͠i͓͆ş̙̀̋h͇͠ḝ̭̭̎̓d͔͑.​
I̵̟̞̫̿̓͘ d̴͖̟͍̐͠͠o̴͔̻̠̓̈́̿n̸̢̞̫̕͝’̸͇͕͍̽̔͠t̵̠̪͎͆̀̕ w̵͉̘̽̓̀ä̵̦͙̘́̀͘n̴̡͎̼͆̈́͝t̵͖͎̼͑́͆ t̸͕̟̞̓̓̒o̵̟̺̻͊͊͝ d̵͓͔͖̈́́͆i̸͙͔͔͌̽͝ë̵̼͇̫́̾̚ n̵̙̪̿͒͘͜o̸̢̫͍̒͘͝w̸͖͍̘̾͘͝…̵̪̠̘̈́̈́͠​
M̴̠͚͐̽͒y̵̢̫͖͌̽̿ b̵̘͚̒̒̈́a̵̦͉͊͌̓t̸̪̻̞͑͐̕t̵̘̟̦͋̕͠e̸͖̝͖̕͠r̵̡̻͖̓̾̿y̵͕͓͓̓̓’̵̢̺͉͋̾s̵͎̙͊̓̚ a̸̢̫͎͌͐͆l̴̻̠̟̀͆m̴͔͍͔͋̽͒ö̵̠̟͎́̔͝s̸̺̻͎̔͌͝t̵̢̪͕̀͑͆ r̸̼͉̝̿̒̐u̵͚̫̞̒͛͑n̸̡̻͑̚ ò̸͚͙͙͝͝ù̸͕̠̼͛̈́t̸̺͙̫͌͌͘.̵̼͇͝͠͝
T̴͕̼̻̈́̾̚h̵̘̫̐́͝i̴̻̠̪̽̓͌n̴̢͉͇̽̓g̴̙͎̞͆͝͝s̴͎͙͕͛̈́̽ à̸̡͉͉͌͌ŕ̸͉͑͜͝e̸͉̠̪͆͋͝ g̴̞̼̦͊̿͛ë̴̪́͜͝t̴͔̻͌͛͝t̸͇̟̻̐̓͌í̵͎̟̞̒̀n̵͍͍͎͆́̈́g̸͕͓̈́͝͠ ș̵̼̈́͊͑t̴͓̝́͒̈́͜r̸̞͔͇̐̈́ä̵̢̡̟́̓̕n̵͙͎͐̀̾g̵͉͇̿͆͜ë̴̡̘͎́͝,̴̡̫͎̒͆̾ s̴̼̼͍̓͊̿o̸̙̪̼̽̓͒ I̵͙͔̙̾̔ t̴̢̢̫̐̀͝h̴͔͉̞͊̿̔i̴̙͔̽̾͘͜ń̵͖̻͓͊̕k̵̢̼̫͒̒̚ I̴͖͙̻̾̀̈́’̸̟̫͎̒́̚m̵̞͓̘̓͋̐ g̵̼̦̓͆͊o̵͕̟̟͑̈́͘ì̵͍͔͎̓͌n̸̢̘͑̓͘g̴͎̠̟͘̕͝ ț̵̪͚͑͑̽ö̸͚͎̫́̿͝ m̴͎̦̺̽͘͠a̴̟̙̟̽̔k̴͎̙͊̓̓e̸͇̝͖͑̈́͘ a̵̡̻̽̀ r̸̟͍̙͊̔̐u̸̼̼̠͒̽̽n̸͇̠͆̈́̐͜ f̸̢͎͚̽͐́ó̵̝͔̘͐͒r̸̻͔̻͊́͠ i̴͖͉̘̐̀͝t̴͍̘̔̒̚͜.̸̻̝̞̾͠
H̵͖͚͒̕͜e̵̢̦̟͆͐͝’̴̢̻͙͆͋̚s̴͉̻̦̓́͒ b̸̙̫͛̽͜͝e̵̞̙̪͋͑̕e̸͇͎̦̾̕͝n̵̘̼͇͊͌ t̵͖̙͖͛͐͘ä̸̠̞̫́͒l̵̝͓̾̕͝k̸̘̫͕͊̔i̵̙̞̘͛͐̕n̸̦̼͖̓̐g̵̢̟̦̾͑ ẗ̵̪̺̺́̔o̵͉͔͖̓͑͛ ḧ̸͚̟́̿̚͜i̵̺̫͕̾͠͠m̵̦̺̝͐̐͝ś̸͕͉̞̈́͠é̴̝̠̙͑͝ĺ̴͖̻̙̿͑f̸̘̪̽̈́͜ a̴̪͖̐̓̈́b̵̟̟͍͒̓͑ö̵̡̺́̓̕ú̸̢͖̦͒ẗ̵͉͔̫́͒ b̴̫̺͓͒̓͠i̸͕̪̫͋̈́̕z̴̫͕͔͛̿́a̴͚͚͍͐̐͝ŕ̵͕̺̻̒̐r̵͉͚͇͐͝e̴̡̻̙̓͆͌ ẗ̸͎͎͚́̒͘ḧ̸̡̡́́̚i̵̼̪͛̾͝n̵̼̦̦̽̔̚g̸̞̫̘͑͝s̸͓̈́̓͜͝ f̵̘̙͊̓͜o̴̢͍̽͌͝r̵̫͍͓͌́̕ a̸͚͐͋͜͝ w̵͉̓̓̽͜ḧ̴̫́͜͝i̴͎̙̔̚͜͝l̴̝͎͙͒̿͝e̸͎̫͋͜͝͠ n̸̺̫̙͊̚͘ö̸̪͚̦́͒̾w̴̢̘̙͆̾͠.̴̢͉͓̽̽̒​
M̴̠͚͐̽͒y̵̢̫͖͌̽̿ b̵̘͚̒̒̈́a̵̦͉͊͌̓t̸̪̻̞͑͐̕t̵̘̟̦͋̕͠e̸͖̝͖̕͠r̵̡̻͖̓̾̿y̵͕͓͓̓̓’̵̢̺͉͋̾s̵͎̙͊̓̚ a̸̢̫͎͌͐͆l̴̻̠̟̀͆m̴͔͍͔͋̽͒ö̵̠̟͎́̔͝s̸̺̻͎̔͌͝t̵̢̪͕̀͑͆ r̸̼͉̝̿̒̐u̵͚̫̞̒͛͑n̸̡̻͑̚ ò̸͚͙͙͝͝ù̸͕̠̼͛̈́t̸̺͙̫͌͌͘.̵̼͇͝͠͝
T̴͕̼̻̈́̾̚h̵̘̫̐́͝i̴̻̠̪̽̓͌n̴̢͉͇̽̓g̴̙͎̞͆͝͝s̴͎͙͕͛̈́̽ à̸̡͉͉͌͌ŕ̸͉͑͜͝e̸͉̠̪͆͋͝ g̴̞̼̦͊̿͛ë̴̪́͜͝t̴͔̻͌͛͝t̸͇̟̻̐̓͌í̵͎̟̞̒̀n̵͍͍͎͆́̈́g̸͕͓̈́͝͠ ș̵̼̈́͊͑t̴͓̝́͒̈́͜r̸̞͔͇̐̈́ä̵̢̡̟́̓̕n̵͙͎͐̀̾g̵͉͇̿͆͜ë̴̡̘͎́͝,̴̡̫͎̒͆̾ s̴̼̼͍̓͊̿o̸̙̪̼̽̓͒ I̵͙͔̙̾̔ t̴̢̢̫̐̀͝h̴͔͉̞͊̿̔i̴̙͔̽̾͘͜ń̵͖̻͓͊̕k̵̢̼̫͒̒̚ I̴͖͙̻̾̀̈́’̸̟̫͎̒́̚m̵̞͓̘̓͋̐ g̵̼̦̓͆͊o̵͕̟̟͑̈́͘ì̵͍͔͎̓͌n̸̢̘͑̓͘g̴͎̠̟͘̕͝ ț̵̪͚͑͑̽ö̸͚͎̫́̿͝ m̴͎̦̺̽͘͠a̴̟̙̟̽̔k̴͎̙͊̓̓e̸͇̝͖͑̈́͘ a̵̡̻̽̀ r̸̟͍̙͊̔̐u̸̼̼̠͒̽̽n̸͇̠͆̈́̐͜ f̸̢͎͚̽͐́ó̵̝͔̘͐͒r̸̻͔̻͊́͠ i̴͖͉̘̐̀͝t̴͍̘̔̒̚͜.̸̻̝̞̾͠
H̵͖͚͒̕͜e̵̢̦̟͆͐͝’̴̢̻͙͆͋̚s̴͉̻̦̓́͒ b̸̙̫͛̽͜͝e̵̞̙̪͋͑̕e̸͇͎̦̾̕͝n̵̘̼͇͊͌ t̵͖̙͖͛͐͘ä̸̠̞̫́͒l̵̝͓̾̕͝k̸̘̫͕͊̔i̵̙̞̘͛͐̕n̸̦̼͖̓̐g̵̢̟̦̾͑ ẗ̵̪̺̺́̔o̵͉͔͖̓͑͛ ḧ̸͚̟́̿̚͜i̵̺̫͕̾͠͠m̵̦̺̝͐̐͝ś̸͕͉̞̈́͠é̴̝̠̙͑͝ĺ̴͖̻̙̿͑f̸̘̪̽̈́͜ a̴̪͖̐̓̈́b̵̟̟͍͒̓͑ö̵̡̺́̓̕ú̸̢͖̦͒ẗ̵͉͔̫́͒ b̴̫̺͓͒̓͠i̸͕̪̫͋̈́̕z̴̫͕͔͛̿́a̴͚͚͍͐̐͝ŕ̵͕̺̻̒̐r̵͉͚͇͐͝e̴̡̻̙̓͆͌ ẗ̸͎͎͚́̒͘ḧ̸̡̡́́̚i̵̼̪͛̾͝n̵̼̦̦̽̔̚g̸̞̫̘͑͝s̸͓̈́̓͜͝ f̵̘̙͊̓͜o̴̢͍̽͌͝r̵̫͍͓͌́̕ a̸͚͐͋͜͝ w̵͉̓̓̽͜ḧ̴̫́͜͝i̴͎̙̔̚͜͝l̴̝͎͙͒̿͝e̸͎̫͋͜͝͠ n̸̺̫̙͊̚͘ö̸̪͚̦́͒̾w̴̢̘̙͆̾͠.̴̢͉͓̽̽̒​
I̶̬̚I’̬͌m̘̈ ͛͜goin͚̽g̖̓ ̫̈́to ͈͝maḱ̦e this̬̾ m̛͟y͈̚ la̮͗sţ͛ ̨͝p̛̟ȯ͚st͈̆ f̖͆or n̲͘o̤̚w.̝̓​
"Where                     " ​
"Where is this place?" ​
I looked around and saw​
There's nothing​
Nothing​
There shouldn't be-​
Yes here too...​
As it disappears into tomorrow​
Tomorrow will not come​
That is,​
So then,​
Come just this way here–​
Somehow, ever so slightly,​
Can't see it.​
They are facing towards it.​
So then,​
But…​
Closing their mouth, ​
Wanting to hear it,​
They look the other way.​
They look this way.​
T​​he                                                                    ​
The ​​t​ruth                                                           ​
The truth ​​i​s                                                        ​
The truth is​​ I       ​                                               ​
The truth is​​ I ​wished                                          ​
The truth is​​ I w​ished to                                      ​
The truth is​​ I ​wished to meet                            ​
The truth is​​ I w​ished to meet with                      ​
The truth is​​ I ​wished to meet with someone       ​
The truth is I wished to meet with someone, so.​​..​
Ah​​,​
Ah​​, ​we​
Ah​​, ​well ​
Ah​​,​ well th​
Ah​​, ​well then,​
Ah, well then​​,​
Good​​ ​Night​
No                         ​
No one                  ​
No one wi              ​
No one will            ​
No one will see       ​
No one will see      ​
No one will see m  ​
No one will see me.​
No                                  ​
No one                           ​
No one cou                    ​
No one could                 ​
No one could cha          ​
No one could chase      ​
No one could chase me​
Step​
over​
the​
rails​
So                                ​
So as                            ​
So as to                        ​
So as to be se               ​
So as to be seen           ​
So as to be seen aga    ​
So as to be seen again,​
They                                            ​
They cast                                    ​
They cast their                            ​
They cast their gaze down          ​
They cast their gaze downwards.​
So as to be seen again,​
Today too, shall rain.​
No                         ​
No one                  ​
No one wi              ​
No one will            ​
No one will se        ​
No one will see      ​
No one will see m  ​
No one will see me.​
Wh                                           ​
Where                                      ​
Where ha                                 ​
Where have                             ​
Where have I                          ​
Where have I dis                     ​
Where have I disapp               ​
Where have I disappear         ​
Where have I disappeared     ​
Where have I disappeared to?​
So that you won't come,​
I                                                                            ​
I should                                                                 ​
I should have                                                        ​
I should have stopped                                          ​
I should have stopped it                                       ​
I should have stopped it with                               ​
I should have stopped it with all                           ​
I should have stopped it with all my                     ​
I should have stopped it with all my strength​
I should have stopped it with all my strength...​